
List of German Bedtime Stories:
1. Henry Hühnchen [Henry Chicken (Chicken Little)]
2. Herr Vogel and Frau Wal [Mr. Bird and Ms. Whale]
3. Die Drei Kleinen Schweinchen [The Three Little Pigs]
4. Goldlöckchen und die drei Bären [Goldilocks and the Three Bears]
5. Rotkäppchen [Little Red Riding Hood]
6. Struwwelpeter (MUST READ)

Goldilocks and the Three Bears
[200~Once upon a time there was a forest and in the middle of that forest was a cottage and
in the cottage lived three bears, a father bear, a mother bear and a baby bear. One
morning Mother bear made porridge and served it up in three bowls but it was too hot
to eat so the three bears went out for a walk while it cooled.

[200~While they were away a girl came passed the cottage, her hair was golden and her
name was Goldilocks. She was hungry and when she smelt the porridge she thought,
¿That smells good.¿ She looked through the window and saw the porridge on the table.
¿Perhaps I can help myself to some,¿ she thought. And so she opened the cottage door
and sneaked in. ¿Hello,¿ she called, ¿Anyone in?¿ But there was no one home. 

First she tried the porridge in the big bowl, ¿Mmm, too hot.¿ Next she tried the middlesize bowl, ¿Mmm, too cold.¿ And then she tried the third bowl, the smallest and it was
just right so she ate it all up!
¿Now I think I need to sit down,¿ she thought. First she tried the big chair but it was too
hard. Next she tried the middle-size chair but it was too soft and then she tried the small
chair but she was too heavy for it and it broke! ¿Oh well,¿ she thought. ¿Perhaps I
should lie down instead.¿ She went into the bedroom. First she tried the big bed, but
the head of the bed was too high and it sloped down too much. Then she tried the
middle-size bed but the foot of the bed was too high and it sloped up too much. Finally
she tried the small bed and it was just right so she lay down and fell asleep.
Soon after this the three bears returned. Father bear looked down on his bowl.
¿Someone's been eating my porridge,¿ he growled. Mother bear looked down on her
bowl. ¿And someone's been eating my porridge too,¿ she said. And then baby bear
cried, ¿And someone's been eating my porridge and at it's all gone!¿
Father bear turned to his chair. ¿Someone's been sitting in my chair,¿ he growled ever
louder. ¿And someone's been sitting in mine too,¿ said Mother bear. ¿And someone's
broken my chair!¿ Baby Bear sobbed.
They went into the bedroom, looking for the intruder. Father bear noticed that his bed
was all rumpled and crumpled. ¿Someone's been sleeping in my bed,¿ he roared.
Mother bear noticed the same. ¿And someone's been sleeping in my bed too,¿ she
said. Then Baby Bear gave a loud cry. ¿There's someone in my bed sleeping right now!¿
Goldilocks opened her eyes and screamed with terror at the sight of the three angry
bears. She jumped out of bed then jumped out of the window and ran all the way
home.
Goldilocks never sneaked into someone else's house ever again.



The Three Little Pigs
Three little pigs are sent out of home to build their own life.
The first little pig builds a house of straw, but a wolf blows it down and devours him.
The second little pig builds a house of sticks, which the wolf also blows down, and the 
second little pig is also devoured.
The third little pig builds a house of bricks, which the wolf fails to blow down.
He then attempts to trick the pig out of the house by asking to meet him at various places, 
but he is outwitted each time. 
Finally, the wolf resolves to come down the chimney, whereupon the pig catches the wolf in 
a cauldron of boiling water, slams the lid on, then cooks and eats him.

This story is not as good as i thought it would be let me tell u a better one 

	"roses are red
	violets are blue
				roses are red
				woaw de ja vu"

Hello All,

This is a late night birdie in Madison adding to this story. Rest assured, despi
te how disorganized this birdie is, all assignments will be finished in time. Ot
herwise, Little Red Riding Hood would find herself in the belly of the Big Bad W
olf, much like her grandmother. This paragraph was psychotic. Goodbye finally!!
